---
title: Why this blog?
desc: |
  I've realised two things:
  1) I love teaching and transmitting
  2) I love writing. Aren't those good enough reasons?
tags:
  - thoughts
---

I've always wanted to have a blog, but I felt like there were already so many on the internet. So why bother?
why pollute the universe with yet another one? Then I read this [blog post](https://www.hanselman.com/blog/your-words-are-wasted)! It is in itself a critique of writing on social media and an exhortation to own your writing through blogging.

It was enough to encourage me to `log` what I know and what I have struggled to learn. I am at a crossroads of many different skills. Software Engineering, DevOps, Machine Learning (ML). Some of them I learned in school, but most of them I learned on the job.
The thing is, there are not enough resources on how to do things beyond the think piece, demo, POC in the ML/AI world. There are not enough practical, code-oriented blogs on the subject MLOps. So here I am.

Last but not least, there are also personal advantages of blogging for a technical person (increase communication skills, manage your time,  or improve your personal branding) as stated by Victoria Lo in her [why every developper should start blogging](https://lo-victoria.com/why-every-developer-should-start-blogging) article.

So stay tuned!

## Why this name?
"Logging my way"! As a software engineer, who to this day uses `print()` to debug my code (yeah I know [pdb](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pdb.html) do you?), I think logging is really, really, really important. You may have already coined my pun (unintended). And to leave what I am logging open to all the possibilities I chose "way". After all a way is a path one travels along, right?


## What to expect and what not to expect?

My starting point is my [tag-generator project](https://github.com/tekeinhor/tag-generator). I created an end-to-end project to demonstrate how an ML project can be organised and deployed: from a notebook to an API and a UI.

In connection with this project I will discuss:
- architectural choices
- technical choices
- OPS choices
I will probably not discuss ML models because I believe there are a lot of content already on those subjects, like this [github repo with code on AI](https://github.com/ashishpatel26/500-AI-Machine-learning-Deep-learning-Computer-vision-NLP-Projects-with-code).

In the future, I hope to discuss news in the words of MLOps, conduct interviews with other professionals, and offer many more tutorials. Stay tuned!

If you want to know more about the tech stack I used for this blog, please have a look at my [about this blog](/about) page.
